opentelemetry api support agents (#23083)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/manage-apm-agents/opentelemetry-api-support.mdx

    **1. Enable OpenTelemetry SDK autoconfiguration**

    Use one of the following methods:

    System property:
    ```bash
    -Dotel.java.global-autoconfigure.enabled=true
    ```

    Environment variable:
    ```bash
    export OTEL_JAVA_GLOBAL_AUTOCONFIGURE_ENABLED=true
    ```

    **2. Enable New Relic OpenTelemetry support**

    System property:
    ```bash
    -Dnewrelic.config.opentelemetry.enabled=true
    ```

    Environment variable:
    ```bash
    NEW_RELIC_OPENTELEMETRY_ENABLED=true
    ```

    YAML configuration (`newrelic.yml`):
    ```yaml
    opentelemetry:
      enabled: true
    ```

    <Callout variant="important">
    The Java agent instruments the OpenTelemetry trace, metrics, and logs APIs to capture signals emitted by your application. It does **not** ship or automatically enable any OpenTelemetry instrumentations. OpenTelemetry auto-instrumentation is not supported.
    </Callout>

    ### Supported instrumentation types

    #### Manual instrumentation
    Custom instrumentation using the OpenTelemetry trace, metrics, or logs APIs will be automatically captured by the agent.

    #### Library and native instrumentation

>     OpenTelemetry standalone library instrumentations and native instrumentation built directly into libraries will work with the New Relic agent. However, OpenTelemetry auto-instrumentation that uses bytecode manipulation will conflict with the New Relic agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    OpenTelemetry standalone library instrumentations and native instrumentation built directly into libraries will work with the New Relic agent. However, OpenTelemetry bytecode-based auto-instrumentation is not compatible with the New Relic agent and will not be detected.
```

Can we update this sentence? It's not correct to say that it "will conflict with the New Relic agent" as the bytecode-based auto-instrumentation simply won't even be detected by the NR Java agent.

    3. **Seamless integration**: OpenTelemetry spans are integrated into New Relic traces

    ### Known limitations

    - **Metrics not supported**: OpenTelemetry Metrics API is not yet enabled
    - **Some AWS and gRPC libraries excluded**: Will continue to use New Relic instrumentation
    - **AI libraries disabled**: Native OpenTelemetry instrumentation for AI libraries is disabled for now
    - **Include/exclude settings**: Fine-tuning options are planned for future releases but only enable/disable is currently functional
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="ruby-config"
    title="Ruby agent configuration"
  >
    ### Enable OpenTelemetry API support

    To enable OpenTelemetry API support in the Ruby agent, add the following to your `newrelic.yml` configuration file:

    ```yaml
    opentelemetry:
      enabled: true
    ```

    Or set the environment variable:

    ```bash
    NEW_RELIC_OPENTELEMETRY_ENABLED=true
    ```

    ### Supported features

    #### Traces API
    ✅ **Supported**: Create custom spans and add attributes using the OpenTelemetry Tracing API

    #### Metrics API

>     ❌ **Not supported**: OpenTelemetry Metrics API is not available in this release

Reviewer 2: `This release` will be outdated soon enough
```suggestion
    ❌ **Not supported**: OpenTelemetry Metrics API is not currently available
```

    #### Logs API
    ❌ **Not supported**: OpenTelemetry Logs API is not available in this release

    #### Span Links
    ❌ **Not supported**: Span Links are not currently available in the Ruby agent

    #### Events on Spans
    ❌ **Not supported**: Events on Spans are not currently available in the Ruby agent

    ### How it works

>     The Ruby agent detects the presence of the OpenTelemetry API installation and instruments OpenTelemetry APIs for Tracing to generate telemetry. The OpenTelemetry API must be present in your application for the hybrid agent functionality to work. When a library or your application code calls OpenTelemetry APIs, the New Relic Ruby agent translates those calls into New Relic data if the OpenTelemetry bridge is enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The Ruby agent detects the presence of the OpenTelemetry API installation and instruments OpenTelemetry APIs for Tracing to generate telemetry. The OpenTelemetry API must be present in your application for the hybrid agent functionality to work. When a library or your application code calls OpenTelemetry APIs, the New Relic Ruby agent translates those calls into New Relic data if OpenTelemetry support is enabled.
```
